1.11.5: Update release notes (#7144)
dapr/dapr: docs/release_notes/v1.11.5.md

# Dapr 1.11.5

> This update contains the following security fixes:

Reviewer: Moved from below:

```suggestion
**Important:** Users who rely on gRPC-to-gRPC service invocation (legacy, non proxy-based) are encouraged to upgrade to Dapr 1.11.5 before upgrading existing deployments to 1.12.x, to prevent temporary issues during a rollout of Dapr 1.12.x.

This update contains the following security fixes:
```

> - Security: prevent Sentry and Injector from applying the `daprsystem` Configuration from a non control plane namespace.

Reviewer: Can you make these links to the descriptions below?

Additionally, this patch release contains bug fixes:

> - Fixed: gRPC-to-gRPC service invocation when the `ServiceInvocationStreaming` feature is enabled. Users who rely on gRPC-to-gRPC service invocation (legacy, non proxy-based) are encouraged to upgrade to Dapr 1.11.5 before upgrading existing deployments to 1.12.x, to prevent temporary issues during a rollout of Dapr 1.12.x.
> - Fixed: Fix invoke remote stream from closing stream before EOF
> - Fixed: Downgrading from 1.12 to 1.11
> - Fixed: Return HTTP status code in HTTP service invocation with resiliency enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed gRPC-to-gRPC service invocation when the `ServiceInvocationStreaming` feature is enabled.
- Fixed invoke remote stream from closing stream before EOF
- Fixed failures downgrading from 1.12.x to 1.11.x
- Fixed returning of HTTP status code in HTTP service invocation with resiliency enabled
```

## Security: Sentry and Injector only apply `daprsystem` Configuration from the control plane namespace

### Problem

Sentry and Injector will apply the `daprsystem` configuration from a non-control plane namespace if the namespace name is alphabetically higher than the control plane namespace name.

### Impact

Accidentally or maliciously, a Kubernetes user can write a Configuration in a non-control plane namespace that will be applied by Sentry and Injector.
This can re-write the Sentry CA, disable mTLS, or otherwise bring down the entire Dapr cluster.

### Root cause

> Sentry and Injector currently _list_ Configurations, before matching on the list for the `daprsystem` Configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sentry and Injector currently list Configurations, before matching on the list for the `daprsystem` Configuration, without filtering for namespaces.
```

### Solution

> Update Sentry and Injector to only _get_ the `daprsystem` Configuration, instead of listing all Configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update Sentry and Injector to only get the `daprsystem` Configuration from the namespace where the Dapr control plane is installed, instead of listing all Configurations.
```

> ## Fixed: gRPC-to-gRPC service invocation when the `ServiceInvocationStreaming` feature is enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Fixed gRPC-to-gRPC service invocation when the `ServiceInvocationStreaming` feature is enabled.
```

### Solution

We fixed the issue in Dapr 1.12.0 and 1.11.5.

> ## Fixed: Fix invoke remote stream from closing stream before EOF

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Fixed invoke remote stream from closing stream before EOF
```

### Problem

> If an invoke stream is using resiliency, then service invocation will return with an EOF error rather than successfully returning the result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When performing service invocation using resiliency, the service invocation can end with an EOF error rather than successfully returning the result.
```

### Impact

> When `ServiceInvocationStreaming` is enabled, service invocation is unusable when using resiliency.

Author: Yes, with a timeout
https://github.com/dapr/dapr/pull/7001
https://pipelinesghubeus22.actions.githubusercontent.com/WCfQK8dOn4Mp9klnz9soTgxLatfn0eGqwZMrKLNG2Vg7Tmde2u/_apis/pipelines/1/runs/236520/signedlogcontent/25?urlExpires=2023-11-03T16%3A41%3A26.4628985Z&urlSigningMethod=HMACV1&urlSignature=Mswm6gafzfPqGSMVFOOEQr1QPpr8Zt79Sx4riCHjomk%3D
https://github.com/dapr/dapr/issues/6997

### Root cause

A bug in the code meant that the gRPC stream was closed before the EOF was sent to the client.

### Solution

Fix the code so that the EOF is sent before the stream is closed.

> ## Fixed: Downgrading from 1.12 to 1.11

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Fixed failures downgrading from 1.12.x to 1.11.x
```

### Problem

> When downgrading from 1.12 to 1.11, the Dapr sidecar injector will fail to inject the sidecar into pods, printing CA verification errors in the logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When downgrading from 1.12.x to 1.11.x, the Dapr sidecar injector will fail to inject the sidecar into pods, failing with validating certificates against the Certification Authority.
```

### Impact

Users who downgrade the Dapr installation from 1.12 to 1.11 will result in their Dapr cluster being in broken state.

### Root cause

> 1.12 made a change that the Injector's serving certificate is now signed by the Dapr CA, rather than a separate CA managed through Helm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.12 made a change that the Injector's serving certificate is now signed by the Dapr CA (Certification Authority), rather than a separate CA managed through Helm.
```
